Why
hello delighted to find on tv5 world and we're back
albi tarn for the start of the second leg of the tropical amissa
bongo the bike festival look and framed and since in a few
hours we cross the border towards long leases months this is
one of the novelties of this 2011 edition the organizers expect
a lot
me
the international strength of the ground teams rub shoulders
nationalities and there is one that is really an exception they hold
the South African team the other years there were only whites the
time change all under the supervision of a sports director
really amazing discovery
13 hours
brrr
quite the boss does not care who is black who is white they do
simply the best the strongest and that's fine like that
the fault a knife for meat but must receive the price the soundtrack
age more fashion brands populated
tomorrow
w
even the
St. Vincent
shortly after takeoff this year at the helm have made
turn around for that the road is good the bar
but we want to do the course of the stage so you want to see a state
Palestinian
maybe do it
still a common base was at the end of these young people from the community
black starts to become very good runners and I think a lot of
people in the lead a pleasant moment surprised
sometimes severe diarrhea or the train stations made me remembered that the
sun was setting at 6:15
to see one day his power at least two bottles until your return the
family
ap
gates
for the polls which have a lot to be forgiven yesterday they missed the
good breakaway that led to the victory people are hurrying shortly
but the most expected today
will soon be his sleeves the Cameroonian serguei tsapok others
Member States of the crew we arrive today on the national territory
it's not the same
if I do on him
the race will arrive
with all that vincent talent blessed strong can express itself
that those circuses that broke the stop
in the boom
remains that the site will have now
to reach it we have to rio preto it is to inform them
this benefits 2011 is indeed far from having designated its winner
and this second step towards long month leases and one of the most
long
still small ribs to break the legs and still heat for
to use organisms
and that's when crossing the border
as the race draws a group of six men emerges no European
no Cameroonians from east africa and the united states are present
hen the peloton does not seem to care
and that's when we lead at least concentrates that accidents happen
a Cameroonian makes the expenses
he will ride on the bike far ahead
a drama is forming the alliance of four runners four pursuers at the
looking for a single man robert bouchard American 21 years ago there is
Kentucky
his surrender on fault virtually the first place overall a
american have plunged the year when lance armstrong retires it does not
does not prevent me from living
and the young man fights the first great feat of the tropical
facing the ruthless law of numbers
because behind the pros worry europcar pricetel lpj the sacred union
to defeat the American dream
the young bush serve euros heroic resistance but vain
resumed 8 km from the goal j
to the specialist to explain
on which you have long months leases
europcar coc team find success
los angeles already stage winner last year he is ahead of the Belgian for
robert the French sees neither
and the South African vendrennes sporty
gfr
I had been told that a quarter of friendly capital employment
it's hilly was always his first actually
festival given the opportunity of the 20 years that sequestered it smiles on me and
loose more than one sole but I'm happy to come
first win of the year in europe 1
the Cameroonians could hardly show themselves at the front of the race
the public does not hold it against them he certainly deserves the
encouragement robert bouchard ive well after the others nearly 100
kilometers alone it's already a reward
badiou know me I gave everything and as long as I give the best I do not
will never be disappointed
to see the video
avatar
here
a small second of advanced on anthony charteau
5 on the Belgian capelle the Moroccan jelloul remains in contact with Eritrea 1
teklehaymanot the he wasted no more time than frederic obiang
always first Gabonese
and here we have spent a good time here in cameroon it's time to tell
meet again
to ebolowa to the king tomorrow back on the Gabonese territory a little more than 100
km between bibasse and oyem a lot of animations still after see be-en
go on tv5 world same time same place thank you good evening
a